all right chef care how you doing today
we're going to go a little bit of
Italian with chicken tortellini with a
pomodoro sauce for this we're going to
need three or four cloves of garlic
crushed those up oh and let's get the
front of hand guy get some nice olive
oil extra virgin maybe about three or
four tablespoons of olive oil in there
x-none and come back here in a second
then we're going to get about half an
onion peel this chop it down or even
going to be your blending it blending it
or through the food mill let's go one
food here we go all that will ask you
bitch dumped me given look at the
stutter
mmm smells good we're going to let that
go for about two minutes and we want to
get some really nice right tomatoes
jewson all pips don't throwing them out
go to bleep just get going I think it
needs a shot in my knife all right
that's good you know I think I'm just
going to see here slightly put a little
bit of salt and I'm gonna season the
tomatoes to just custom a I love salt
hey yeah it's too good sprite me right
go even reduce the heat down a little so
I put some white wine in it never hurts
mmm now we're going to want a a whole
bunch of basil let's coarsely chop it
everything goes here in stalks nor and
in addition to that get some parsley
perfect that half as much probably yeah
then they go oh that nice family nice
let's still this in well I really want
to do is I want to cook it actually for
quietly time could be 20 minutes could
be 30 I want to break these Tomatoes
down so they give awful though which
juices I want to reduce the herbs down
so they give up all the flavor and I
want to see those onions and with God
meld into one with the sauce is going to
be
doesn't have a great ready hey I know
I'd do without this generous helping of
pepper mmm this recipe by the way is not
cool of 3 tablespoons pepper more like
half teaspoon it's a little bit more
salt okay you can leave that uncovered
you want it to thicken up ah yummy yummy
yummy okay it's been known for that swim
in it and I'm gonna take this off the
heat now for about 15 minutes because I
want to let it cool down because i'm
going to put it through a food mill the
other hand you could put the whole thing
in the blender and make it smooth that
way either way put that on okay quite
fit properly now to select the ball more
carefully next time to make sure it fit
okay well we just got to the end of the
tape and I didn't know it and it stopped
without telling me at least at least
that I could tell and I was just saying
yep yep yep yep yep we've got this
beautiful beautiful sauce right and I
was just expounding the virtues of my
beautiful stock pot in which I've got
these wine bottle corks so i can pick
pick the thing up without burning my
hands this is hot these are fine that's
important water in here whoo we come
here to the ticket tortellini which is
this stuff yeah yeah I know just from
the score if you've ever tried making
tortellini you'll know why I'm going to
add some salt just as I add the pasta we
both at the same time saw plenty of salt
and Ingo pasta up the heat put the lid
off let's turn it for six maybe seven
minute going to take this opportunity to
read a couple of slices
though these in the toaster ok that's
the six seven minutes up so we're going
to take off this lid gonna get steamed
up some of the heat grab my Fisher
router and I'm going to label these
right into the wall sauce I look
delicious ok stir in my big wooden spoon
in an up a lil and put straight into the
bar serving bowl and a little bit of
parsley great little bit pharmacy on it
it's a taste perfect perfect perfect
perfect perfect perfect perfect dough
and then last step couple piece of bread
ready to be served now this looks good
hmm
dericious
you